docs: clarify ServiceMonitor port vs targetPort (#8587)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: Documentation/user-guides/running-exporters.md

Reviewer: Can you revert this change please? The updated API documetation is on point but this page would need some refactoring (+ it's not included on the [website](https://prometheus-operator.dev/)).

Author: Reverted — this PR is now scoped to the API godoc in `types.go` and the regenerated CRDs/bundle/applyconfiguration only. Thanks for the review.

    interval: 15s
```

## ServiceMonitor `port` and `targetPort`

A `ServiceMonitor` discovers scrape targets from Kubernetes `Endpoints` (or
`EndpointSlice`) objects behind the selected Services. The endpoint fields

> refer to different layers of the networking stack:

Reviewer 2: Hi @lohitkolluri some suggestions:

```suggestion
refer to different levels of the Kubernetes Service abstraction.
```

- **`port`**: the **name** of a port on the `Service` (`.spec.ports[].name`).
  Use this when the Service declares named ports, as in the example above
  (`port: http-metrics`).
- **`targetPort`**: the **name or number of a container port** on the Pods
  behind the Service. The container must declare this port in
  `spec.containers[].ports`. It is **not** the Service's `.spec.ports[].port`

>   number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`targetPort`**: the **name or number of a container port** on the Pods
  behind the Service. If a name, it must match a port declared in
  `spec.containers[].ports`; if a number, it targets that port directly on
  the Pod. It is **not** the Service's `.spec.ports[].port` number.
```

A common misconfiguration is setting `targetPort` to the Service port number
(for example `8080`) when the Pod does not declare a container port with that
number. In that case Prometheus filters on
`__meta_kubernetes_pod_container_port_number` and discovers no targets.

Prefer `port` with the Service port name when possible. Use `targetPort` only
when you need to scrape a specific container port by name or number.

> 

Reviewer 2: Also can you add some examples, might be better
